Q: I have rotated a slide and saved the slideshow but when I load it the slide is untouched.
A: When you rotate a slide Imagination makes a copy of it and rotate this one since it's not
an image editing program.

Q: How are transition effects applied?
A: Read the explanation at: http://imagination.sf.net/transitions.html#understanding

Q: Why there is no XYZ transition available?
A: Because we haven't written it yet. Our intention is to offer all transitions
that are part of the SMIL 3.0 Specification:
http://www.w3.org/TR/SMIL20/smil-transitions.html#TransitionEffects-Appendix
but since there are a lot of them, this will take some time. If you really want
XYZ transition, have a look at transition folder in source directory and create
your own transition, send it to us and we'll do our best to get it included in
next release of Imagination.

Q: What will happen if my audio files are too short or too long for video?
A: If your audio files are too short for slideshow, the end of the slideshow
will simply be played in silence. If your audio files are too long, they will be
truncated at the end of the slideshow. In the next release, audio will be
<quote>smoothed</quote> before added to slideshow.

Q: Why playing mp3 files on Fedora doesn't work?
A: Because Fedora supplies sox without support for mp3 (legal reasons). You'll
need to build sox with mp3 support if you wish to preview mp3 files on Fedora.

Q: Is it possible to rearrange the order of the slides?
A: Sure, hold down left mouse button and move the slides then release it.

Q: I want to start my slideshow with a Fade-In transition, why don't you add it?
A: Because you already have it! Select the background color from the Properties menu
and then apply the Cross-Fade effect on the first slide.

Q: I have Ubuntu and ffmpeg is installed but I get this error message from ffmpeg
in the console: "Unknown encoder 'mpeg2video' "
A: Please install these packages:
libavcodec-unstripped-52                   3:0.svn20090303-1ubuntu2+unstripped1 ffmpeg codec library
libavformat-unstripped-52                  3:0.svn20090303-1ubuntu2+unstripped1 ffmpeg file format library
libavutil-unstripped-49                    3:0.svn20090303-1ubuntu2+unstripped1 ffmpeg utility library
